## Streemio - decentralized, P2P communication system for humans and Internet of Things devices.

#### Why Streemio? Why decentralisation? Why peer to peer (P2P)? Why fully open source?
Our aim is to address several issues with the decentralised, peer to peer, fully open source Streemio communication system. These issues are primarily related to safety, politics, security, privacy, economy, and compliance with standards.

#### Safety
The developers of this system were born in countries where totalitarian and oppressive governments were prevalent. Jail sentences for breaching the laws of dictators were considered the norm. A decentralised peer to peer system in which the communication is fully encrypted between the users without using any central server preserves privacy and keeps the data safe from oppressive regimes and undemocratic legislation.

#### Occupations
There are certain occupations where client confidentiality is of utmost importance. These include, but are not limited to, journalists, lawyers, accountants, and doctors. The clients of these professionals understandably want end-to-end, fully encrypted, and uncompromised security. We believe a decentralised peer-to-peer system is well suited to provide users with this level of security and confidentiality.

#### Security and Privacy
Current communication systems such as Skype, Viber, or even the more community driven Telegram are centralised. There is a central server operating between the users. Most of these popular systems are undocumented and proprietary. Users have no idea how their data is handled, what is actually decrypted, what the log files record, where their data is forwarded to, or who is listening to the communication. These popular centralised solutions are not open sourced. That means the applications were never peer reviewed and there is no way to know whether a security backdoor exists in them or not. Since peer reviews cannot be conducted, the security and the centralised systems cannot be verified. Streemio is a fully open source system so cryptographers, security experts, and software professionals can peer review it and verify that it complies with security standards.
Vulnerability to hacking is another security issue. Over the years, the credit card details, social security numbers, and personal details of tens of millions of individuals have been stolen from centralised servers. We propose a fully decentralised peer to peer (P2P) server which avoids storing the mass amounts of client information like centralised systems must do.

#### Politics
Incoming communication legislation such as the UK Investigatory Powers Bill, as it is explained at http://bit.ly/1XJRpP0 and here at http://bit.ly/1Na76r0, will make it impossible to preserve privacy and secure communication using a centralised client-server solution. Any solution that requires a central server will be subject to the proposed laws. Currently, by definition, all web sites, cloud services, and client-server systems are centralised solutions. Therefore they will all be forced to incorporate a master encryption key and decrypt the client's communication upon the request of the government. It is safe to assume that measures like the UK Investigatory Powers Bill could become the standard. The majority of US presidential debates have been about security and terrorism, which may advance the enforcement of such laws around the world. Key disclosure laws (http://bit.ly/1nXnd6h) are already enforced in certain countries. Business, centralised, cloud based, and client-server solutions must comply with these laws and regulations. Despite the best intention of proprietary software companies such as Apple http://apple.co/1Lt7ReW the government will press businesses to comply and give up their customers data. Community driven open source P2P systems such as Streemio, which ecosystem includes no centralised server nor a service provider cannot be subject of subpoenas. 
We believe peer to peer (P2P) is the only solution to preserve privacy. Individuals won't be subject to these proposed laws. Law abiding citizens and businesses who use a decentralised system to communicate with family members or friends via video chat, hold a team meeting, or transfer data won’t have to surrender their local data to the government (i.e. there is no central server based solution provider existing in a decentralised communication chain, therefore no master encryption key can be surrendered).

#### Economy
Decentralisation addresses several major system and business requirements. Decentralised systems are scalable - in fact they become more stable if there are more active users. That means no expensive cluster servers are needed to run a decentralised system. The peers make up the system with their home computers, tablets, and mobile devices. Decentralised systems are the composite of their peers, and therefore are always available as long as at least two peers are connected. On the other hand, centralised systems require expensive load balancers and even more costly data centers across geographical regions to provide high availability. A decentralised P2P system makes centralised high-cost server infrastructures obsolete.

#### Standards
Our system aims to comply with open security and communication standards. The compliance is verifiable via a peer review of the open source system. Streemio is built on FIPS, IETF and W3C security, data and communication standards such as JWT, JWS, WebRTC and the latest planned standards from W3C Web of Things (WoT) initiative. The system uses recommended curves for the ECDSA and ECDH elliptic curve cryptography functions.

